october eleventh no sorry November 11
2011 I don't know why the I said
2,000 it's 2,000 all right so 11 11 11
around 11am so here we have the champion
manfred von richthofen a thoroughbred
with champion bloodlines and completely
cute Maddy say hi Manny this is manis
ball mani maan tread more was this is
the cutest thing you'll ever see oh come
in hey what's this Manny Manny go fetch
it baby puppy running for you come you
bet thank you puppy thank you let it be
baby okay Manny Manny Manny you want to
go fetch sorry this camera kind of sucks
I mean my phone is gonna suck too many
many penny ball Manny go fetch there you
go oh look at that look at that look at
the floppy ears come here baby he's
eight weeks old baby no I'm not gonna
share hand done running yeah give me
good puppy come puppy come come come
come puppy come Manny come on Fred my
Fred come on baby I'm filming you come
on come come come come come come baby on
Fred come puppy come baby come come come
come baby come come here man Fred come
here man Fred come here baby Manfred
good puppy he comes good puppy good
doggy baby puppy
his father is vizier 110-pound german
bread taro bread monster from Germany he
was loaned out to the Czech police
training facility and then brought to
the United States canine facility for
breeding acquired by hegemony acquired
by the breeder sue visitas hundred and
ten pounds soo sorry sue is a breeder
Rosie the mom you know the female dog is
90 pounds so Manfred is projected to be
hundred twenty pounds or something the
beautiful gorgeous baby German Shepherd
extremely intelligent to complete joy
because is there anything more cute than
this I don't think so I don't think so i
think it's my little alien girlfriend
start a satyr and stuff so tink think
whatever all right guys that's a good
view of Manfred von Richthofen his full
name is Dorota can fly go read my story
Alfred no Dorota comply Dorota can fly
agaric master Manfred albrecht freiherr
von Richthofen download the second my
money say bye mani mani here all right
bye-bye